Develop/README.md, before:


  <h1 align="center">README Generator</h1>
  
[![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
## Description
Builds a nice looking README.md file based on the user input and choices
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
## Installation
💾 npm i
## Usage
💻 To make it simpler to make README.md for your GitHub project just by answering a few questions
## License
[![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) <br /> This application is covered by the MIT license.
## Contributing
👪 Chris Winters
## Tests
✏️ Just have to run it
## Questions
🙋‍♂️ Email or reach me on my GitHub <br />
<br />
:octocat: Find me on GitHub: [cwinters87](https://github.com/cwinters87)<br />
<br />
✉️ Email me with any questions: taylor314@gmail.com<br /><br />
🌟This README was generated by Chris Winters using the [readme-generator](https://github.com/cwinters87/readme-generator)

Commit message:

readme file to showcase app

Develop/README.md, after:


  <h1 align="center">Readme Generator</h1>
  
[![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)<br />
## Description
Easily generate README.md files by just answering a few questions.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
## Installation
💾 npm i
## Usage
💻 Developers to easily make readme files for their GitHub reps.
## License
[![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) <br /> This application is covered by the MIT license.
## Contributing
👪 Chris Winters
## Tests
✏️ Have to to download and run it.
## Questions
🙋‍♂️ Email or reach me on my GitHub <br />
<br />
:octocat: Find me on GitHub: [cwinters87](https://github.com/cwinters87)<br />
<br />
✉️ Email me with any questions: taylor314@gmail.com<br /><br />
🌟This README was generated by Chris Winters using the [readme-generator](https://github.com/cwinters87/readme-generator)
